Topic Name: China in China
Kuldip Yadav ... one of the bowlers of Team India.
In the two years he made his debut in the squad.
In India, when a normal boy becomes an international player, how much effort is there, how many turns and how many collaboration the Kuldeep's life is to be seen.
I'll become a cricketer, or else I'll die ... Those words of the 13-year-old Kuldip Yadav were worried at home.
There was one such incident in Kanpur.
That's why they feared.
'You can play it without having such a thought ... the game is no more than life' Pandavas said calmly calming these words.
His three sisters, coach Kapil Pandey ... also screwed all the way.
Kuldip has no reason to say that.
He was already playing club cricket in Kanpur.
An under-15 Uttar Pradesh team had a lot of hopes on choosing.
But the selectors did not select.
"Krakettu lives with life.
Rather, he is going to sleep in the ball, "says Ram Singh Yadav.
In fact, Kuldeep preceded his studies.
He began to play fun cricket with everyone and joined the Academy with his father's encouragement.
Sub Topic Name: Fast to Spin ...
Pandey was inducted in the Rovers Club Academy in Kanpur for 10 years in training in Culdeep.
'Sir Make Me a Warm Akram' is the day with the Kuldeep coach joining the academy.
"Many children come to be a batsman.
Kuldeep comes to bowler.
Kuldeepi's left hand was so happy when I saw Kuldeep, 'Pandey recalls.
Some balls were laid by Kuldeep.
The veterans caught the ball and hit the wickets.
Because Vasim already looked at Akram and began to imitate him.
At that time, Culdeep was short and narrow.
His father was not too long.
To be a fast bowler should be the height.
Kuldp hoped that Kuldeep might not grow beyond 5'6 in the future.
That's why he turned to spin bowling rather than fastbooting.
He feels reluctant to take the ball as if he's saying 'the dream is true.'
The coach was surprising when he looked at the first ball he made.
The reason is ... the rare left arm picks the ball in the wrist spin style.
This style is called the Chinmene style.
Pandey did not even see any of them outside the TV.
It came naturally to Kuldeep.
Aurujay said, 'Keep your style going.'
A senior batsman stumped out once in the academy to assess the Kuldip ball.
From then on, he had confidence in the words of the coach.
Pandey is actually a batsman.
Off spin bowling.
But he did not understand how to train the wrist.
Even then you do not have YouTube.
Legendary player Shane Warne wrestler.
So Warne played matches on TV.
He's the way to catch the ball, the rump, the way the ball is gone ... all are watching.
After watching the match, Pandey and Kuldeep recalled things that were observed.
It's not normal, six days a week.
Both worked hard for six hours a day.
So Kuldip became an elderly disciple of Warne.
Not only that, but also in a short period of time.
In Kanpur, he was also among the league games played by adults.
Such an injury he was not selected for the state Under-15 team.
But the coach knows the cow.
An ex-player of the committee during the selection of the Kuldeep bowling has changed.
He could not get the wickets.
After going to the Under-17 Selections, he was bowled in his natural form and selected to the squad.
Sub Topic Name: IPL has helped
Kuldip is the fastest growing career ever since China's style.
The reason is that the batsmen are struggling to deal with these rare bowlers.
Kuldeep played the Under-19 World Cup in 2014.
Before that, Mumbai Indians had selected him in IPL.
Despite the two years there was no chance of playing in the final squad.
In 2014 Kolkata Knight Riders team has been selected.
From then on he continues with that team.
There was also a chance to play for the first time in 2016.
Kuldipad was a rare style and then KKR captain Gambhir was encouraging him.
By then the Australian player Brad Hog's style was also like Kuldeep.
Kuldip has improved himself in his presence.
"Gambhir took me to the team when I was not aware of the world.
KKR is a fantastic venue to fulfill the dream of playing the Indian team.
I am grateful to Gauti Bhai in this regard.
Exercise in the presence of international trainers and improved fitness.
After that I got a lot change in my game, "says Kuldeep.
Wasim Akram bowling coach for the team.
He did so with his disciples.
The IPL has managed to play Kuldeep not financially and economically.
In 2000, his family migrated to Kanpur.
Ramaling Singh started his business in the farm of the nearby forests in the district of Okawat district.
The family was able to make it a little financially.
But at Ramsey hospital wounded at the road accident, the bricks that were ready to fire and burn down were muddy.
The damage was Rs 50 lakh.
As long as Kuldeep earns, their family is not out of financial hardship.
Kuldeep's fortunes were greeted in the form of IPL.
The Mumbai team got Rs 10 lakh per annum.
Kolkata has got Rs 41 lakh for the team.
In the IPL, he had married two sisters.
I bought a small double bedroom flat in Kanpur.
Akram said that he was coming to Culdeep's house when IPL match in Kanpur.
But Kuldip escaped from wanting to bring home to the house.
'Our little boy saw the baby.
Even if you look at this money today, nothing has changed, "says Ram Singh.
Currently his family has a flat in the colonies in Kanpur, including a flat.
Sub Topic Name: Started
In the Under-19 World Cup in 2014, Kuldeep took 14 wickets for India in the squad, the same year at home against Windies.
But playing Chance was not found.
In February 2017, he was selected for the only match against Bangladesh.
In the final squad, there was a lot of disappointment.
He was eventually selected for his four-Test Test series against Australia in March 2017.
Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja were already in the squad for the spinners, but it was not enough to wait for him again.
On the other hand, Shane Warner of the series learned to go with the help of the then coach Anil Kumble with the help of a flipper ball.
With the end of the three matches in the series, the two teams were equal to 1-1.
The series was the last one to win.
The same Kuldeep debuted match.
Kuldip came into the squad and replaced Virat.
Yes, Virat missed out of the game due to injury in Dharamsala Test.
But Kuldip is unlikely to be a batsman.
His first wicket was David Warner.
Warner was dismissed with a flipper ball that was learned by Warne of Australia.
He took four wickets in the first innings.
On the evening of the day Sachin told the phone that he wanted to "take 500 wickets".
In the same year he made his debut in the ODI against Winds in June.
In September, against Aussie, Chetan Sharma and Kapil Dev were the third bowlers to score a hat-trick in their respective ground at the Eden Gardens in the IPL.
His position in the squad is then over.
"Kuldip is our first priority spinner when playing abroad," said coach Ravi Sasthi recently.
He recently finished second in the ICC Tea 20 bowlers rankings.
Kuldeep is well within the short term.
If you remember what he has achieved, I'm at the start of the career.
My goal is to play Team India for at least 15 years. "
Sub Topic Name: Warning for Warning ...
Kuldeep is looking to meet Shanewar whenever possible.
He recently practiced in his presence during the Test series in Australia.
Warne tweeted and praised Kuldeep for five wickets in the same innings in the series.
PlayStation Kultip Favorite video game.
The experience of this game helps him to face difficulties in real life.
Kuldeep likes movies.
Netflix sees too much.
Footballer will follow.
Neemer fan.
Kuldip, who tells him that he is too lazy, can not be quick to speak with new people.
But it is not enough to talk two or three times with girls.
He says that now there is little change in this regard.
On the day of the Kuldeep match, the mother will sit in Usha Puja room.