Maharshi... Very busy
Film is almost completed if script is completed, says hollywood film makers.
Their intention was that film making is not a big problem if planned.
However, this formula may not be applied everywhere.
Very importantly in telugu film industry.
Because... Here film making with star hero is like a mini war.
Though script is perfect, film making may be not completed on time.
Same amount of the time needs to be spend for pre-production and post-production.
In that case, releasing film on time is very difficult.
Same thing happend in the case of "Maharshi".
Initially thought to bring the movie on Ugadi.
After that it went to 26th April.
Now it is going to be released on May 9th.
This is all for fans, says film unit.
Should not compramise in any case if ......
In that case, It is natual to be late like this.
Busy atmosphere is there now on Maharshi sets.
They are completing movie without taking one second rest.
Movie is about preseting farmer's difficulties and tears.
To see what maheshbabu did for farmers, we have to watch 'Maharshi'
It is a picture of a scene when mahesh and director vamshi ............
Wanted to get married : Rana
Actor Rana says that his co-actor Prabhas has more patience and I like that quality in him.
Movie "NTR-Mahanayakudu' got released recently where in Rana acted as Chandra Babu Naidu role.
Currently he is busy in "Hadi Mere Sadhi" film shooting.
Recently Rana participated in a celebrity talk show.
On this occasion, he shared about his personal life.
'I never wanted to be first in the studies, but I am very much interested in fim making' he said.
Failed in 10th class.
My grandfather Rama naidu never worried about my education.
Because... He knows that I like editing and I am learning it.
That is why he tought, it would be good to have progress in the field of interest.
I failed in 10th class.
Later I moved to different schools to pass in the exams.
That time only, ram charan became friend to me.
My childhood passed in the film set, I grew up there.
I used to be in the top floor and shooting used to happen in the below floor.
I used to have breakfast in the set and go to school.
Prabhas should have done many.
The first thing I learnt from prabhas is "Be Patient"
He has lot of patience.
Prabhas worked so hard for the Bahubali movie, he became the backbone of the movie.
Prabhas got series of successes in that time.
Hits like "Darling", "Mirchi" have come.
How many movies he could have done in the five years which he spent for Bahubali movies, imagine how much he could have earn.
But he didn't care all these.
He worked with patience and dedication for Bahubali
That I liked very much.
I am lucky
Since my grandfather is a film producer, it became easy for me to come to the film industry and get success.
Not only that, I got the opportunity to choose the story that I liked.
It became possible because of my grandfather.
I am lucky in this matter.
The one and only one question bunny asks.
My friends ram charan and bunny were quick to marry.
That time, I wanted to get married.
I teased them so much because they have wives.
Now I have only two options.
either I have to marry or I have change ram and bunny.
As this is not working, later I used to spend time with naga chaithanya and akhil
The one and only one question bunny asks me is "when will you get married " ?
My focus is on career now.
I will definately marry when I want to marry.
No one planning / thinking to kill me.
No one planning to kill me, says famous kannada actor Yash.
News created the buzz which in the kannada media, saying Yash has threat to his life and someone planning to kill him 
His fans and family memeber are worrying with the news.
Recently Yash has given the clarity on this and said that 'no one planning to kill me'
I spoke with the Banglore ACP also.
He clarified that there no conspiracy against me.
My family members are scared because of this rumors.
I am keep getting calls since morning.
I am afraid of what may happen in the future because of these.
People saying that my life is in the risk when any gangstart got arrested.
I am not a sheep.
to any one can come and kill me.
I know what is my potential
first of all, I don't know who is passing such news to media
If such the things happens in the future, our kannada film industry will have bad effect, Yash said.
Yesterday 90 crores.. now 30 crores. : Saho is undefeatable 
Hyderabad : Director Sujit making 'Saho' movie as a big action and adventure movie.
Recently producers spent 90 crores for a fighting scene in the movie.
That shooting was shot in abudabi.
Everyone got surprised with the amount spent on this fight.
However, this film interval scene 
making with 30 crores, saying film unit.
Currently in hyderabad, film shooting is happening related to this.
Shooting is going under hollywood stunt choreographer Kenny Bates's supervision.
Spending money on this level for a tollywood movie scene is surprising. 'Sahoo' movie is undefeatable, says critics.
On other hand, the film earned Rs.42 crores through Overseas rights. Prabhas acting as a hero in the movie and shradha kapoor is the heroine.
UV creations organisation is building.
Neel Nitin and Murali Sharma and others are playing key roles.
On the 3rd of March, 'Saho chapter 2' was released on the occasion of the shradha's birthday.
 
 
 
 
The movie where allu arjun acted as hero and he appered as vilan.
He co-starred with Anushka in 'Size Zero' movie.
Now arya has become the bride.
Arya's wedding took place in Hyderabad on Sunday with Sayesha Sighal, who is the heroin of 'Akhil' movie.
Many film stars from bollywood and tollywood are attended for Arya-Sayesha's Sangeeth event on Saturday.
Our arya.. Allu arjun also attended for the sangeeth event.
Only few peole have recieved the invite for this marriage.
A ceremony was held in Mumbai even before Sangeeth.
Sanjay Datt and other film stars participated in that ceremony.
The reception is going to be set up in Chennai.
 
 
 
 
Anasuya acted in lead role in the movie.
Rajesh Nadendla is directing this film.
Battepati Narendra Reddy, Sharma chukka are jointly producing.
Recently Upasana Konidela released the teaser.
The conversation 'Somebody wakes up when the people are sleeping who makes decisions' is the major attration to the teaser. 
Director said "This is my first film"
Different story and screen play are the main strength to the film.
Anasuya goint to get another success after 'Shanam', 'Rangastalam' movies.
"Every scene simulates interest' said film producer Narender Reddy.
He said ' We are happy that upasara released our movie teaser'.
x, y, z, are playing key roles.
X is the music director of this movie.
Bless me again : X
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.....
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What is the power Telangana goverment has in the matter of data ? They are giving information to YSRCP by stealing it from us.
What is the authority Telangana government has on us ? Not only giving TDP data to oppositon by stealing it but also blaming that AP government data got leaked.
Where it is leaked ? YSRCP, TRS bahaving very badly in this regard.
People have to check that they have vote or not
 
Find out if you have vote by calling 1050
It is possible to register vote till 15th
EC has to take actions against those who misused form-7
We are going to Delhi to meet central election commission on this.
People should be carefull till 15th on the vote matter, said chandrababu.
Need Telangana rule in AP ?
Recently In telangana elections, People were asked that do we need AP rule ?
In that case, Need Telangana rule in AP ? AP people are brilliants.
Need to vote for Jagan who supports TRS ? He is provoking caste, religion and region.
Created the wealth by putting lot of hard work.. Distributing the income which came from that.
KCR has to write letter to central to give special status for A.P
In this case, Jagan has to make KCR to agree for it, said CM.
MAA touch elections : voted film celebrities.
This time MAA elections have been very exiting.
Shivaji raja who worked as president of panel was elected unanimously in 2017, Naresh who worked as chef secratary are compiting this time for presedent post, speading interest everywhere.
This elections were closed peacefully which held on Sunday from morning 8.00 to 2.00
Earlier EVM were used but this time elections were conducted using ballot box system.
Actors who are also MAA memebers availed their vote for this elections which are conducted for every 2 years.
As never before, this time 472 people did use their vote and the total votes in the association are 745
With this film chamber premises became joyful.
Traffic was struck on both the sides of main roads to film chamber as huge number of fans came to see film actors.
 
 
 