Topic Name: Do not panic .. you too can!
Meal meadasunda Rao was raised as a child with dreams for them.
If a thirty days are fast forwarded ... now he is Chairman of MMR Group with eleven companies.
The head of hundreds of millions of businesses and hundreds of employees.
Foreign Documentaries and Individual Books.
MMR is not a single day heroine in the song.
Many years of poverty, one to achieve something ... The story of the film is not to be removed from the success story.
Fathers and fathers from the grandparents are inherited from the land and property.
We have come from one another to farmers, hunger, and poverty.
Prakasam district is located near a small village called akollaru.
Socially and economically backward family.
My father was a coward at a landlord.
He has eight children.
I'm a fifth child.
When daddy was working in the field, instead of giving money,
At the age of fifteen, when Amma was forced to pay for the basic needs at home, Amma worked with a tobacco factory in Angola.
One hundred rupees a day for both of them.
They did not want to spend money for rickshaws, and they went home for twelve kilometers daily.
They started to work and found some money at home.
Then I started reading and reading the second brother.
Sub Topic Name: First Time New ...
Ananya and I studied up to fifth grade.
Then join the social welfare host in Singurakonda.
My lifestyle has changed very much there.
Washing clothes, slipping sandals, and getting rid of the head are all in the host.
If we were there, our oldest daughter got married.
In the life of the first time I was in the new clothes.
The next night, we put a bundle of bags of fertilizers in front of our house.
We gave our new home to a new couple but after falling into that tent, I did not know what our family was in.
Upon completion of the wedding, Ananya started walking to the hostel, about 10 km away.
All the way to the money is money.
As soon as we grew up, we decided to make a good job and leave the family out of poverty.
In a way, the ten kilometers walked the destination.
Sub Topic Name: Everyone's eyes are yours!
Upon joining the older brother joined the beat.
I am going to the polytechnic.
We both decided to complete the job and get the job done.
Our paper does not have a paper.
I went to the gorge daily and found that there were no job announcements in the magazine.
As the days passed, their anxiety grew in the house.
Their eyes look suspicious.
I do not think there is a profit, but I thought we would go to our sister in Hyderabad and look for a job.
For both of us, there is a lot of trouble for both of us.
They went to Hyderabad but they did not understand.
They are working as a laborer in a building in Kukatpalli.
The contractor for laborers is in the tents set up.
They did not cry out of their situation.
There they can not bother them.
It is not out of the way to survive.
So how did you get that way?
Sub Topic Name: Rs.10 for salary day ...
On the night we sat on the side of the tent and sat down.
I always thought about the future.
Sleeping in any way to get out of poverty.
I have been working there for a day at a construction site to get water for a day.
Ten rupees a day.
A few days later, I was seen as a Night Watchman in a building.
Three hundred per month.
It is possible to tell tuitions for the seventh grade children at the end of the night.
It comes up to nine months a month.
For a few days, potholes dug in the ground and worked at the site of telephone cables.
Four quarters of the day.
On the other side, the public sector firm BSNL has got a small job on Beetak Qualification.
So our financial situation has gradually improved.
Sub Topic Name: Starting as a Cool Contractor ...
I studied diploma in civil engineering so the techniques of the cable wiring system quickly understood.
After a few days, she went to interview for a cable contracts company.
There was a contractor shouting shouting that he did not bring enough laborers to punch the night before the cabling.
Go to them and say that I will bring at least a quarter of the laborers that night.
If I worked at the cables in the past, when the accident happened to a laborer, he would talk to the contractor and give him some medical care and pay a salary until he recovered.
It is my belief that the laborers will come to me with that respect.
At home we asked our sister to pay three thousand debt.
Take the money and go to the wage bailiff and convince them how to take 45 people to work with me.
The controller was very happy to see us.
Twenty thousand rupees were put in my hands.
It was the first time I had to touch the money in my life.
Expenses of labor costs were thirteen thousand.
Can the contractor get at least a hundred people the next day?
I saw the money that I took and got very confused at home.
"Hyderabad came and I did not see so much money that I could not see, but keep your eyes on your younger brother," he said.
Sub Topic Name: Back to the road ...
The next night, as it was told, hundreds of laborers were taken to work.
The contractor told me to come home to take on the advancement of my belief.
Take our bovine and elder brother to take away my doubts.
The contractor gave them a hundred thousand rupees in our hands.
Buses and cars can not be trusted to walk home 17 km.
So as a cool contractor, I learned the techniques of the cabling sector.
Smaller cabling work has begun to work on their own.
Together with an acquaintance, the company has set up a cabling work on its own.
I started by making small contracts with the help of my contacts.
On that journey, 'Global Tele Systems' got a contract to cede cadets from Kodada to Vijayawada.
Worth more than Rs.
I'm going to work on the field and I have come out of a few checks for office expenses in Hyderabad.
When I was on field work, I was wrongly convinced and changed my checks.
Every rupee that I have earned on that project is put on the project.
The project has been completed successfully.
But finally on the road without even chilligive in hand.
Sub Topic Name: Waiting for the wedding ...
I'm afraid of whoever believes in me.
Vacation without having to do any work for a year.
Come to a job in a engineering firm that has some kind of mind.
With my contacts I would bring projects to the company.
They were doing my job well and in a few months they went on increasing their salaries.
No matter how much work, a cushion to start a business is not reduced.
At the time of my job, I got married.
The girl knew what I had lost in the past.
That's why they have decided not to go back to business again.
That's it.
My wife Padmasala is already doing a government job.
I had sixteen thousand salary.
But I started hiding for the rest of the business by saying that I was not lying.
Did you tell my wife about my salary and ideas when I grew up in confidence in the business.
I could not deny my desire to fear him.
It was my second life.
New enthusiasm started with the 'MRR Group'.
I once again met the 'GTTS' company that gave me the project.
I trusted my little project with them.
With the successful completion of it, some more projects started coming out.
All major companies like DoCoMo, Airtel, Vodafone and Tata have been doing all the key cabling activities in Telugu.
Sub Topic Name: Retirement in Idaho!
The telecom field is changing rapidly.
That is why it is not possible to be limited to one sector and expanded the business to different sectors.
We have completed large construction projects in Vizag and Rajahmundry under the MMR Infra.
MMR has expanded the business into various sectors with PEB Systems, Engineering Solutions, Power Projects, IT Staffing, Mining, Food Processing and Agro.
My desire is to provide employment to all as many as possible.
Many awareness programs are undertaken by Dickeye Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry to increase interest on youth entrepreneurship.
I'm now forty years.
There are many sleeping nights already lying in the work.
MMR Trust plans to do many things in the future.
That's why I thought I should retire from work for another five years and focus on trust.
The only reason I have started living as a laborer is to be the head of the companies that are now hundreds of crores of transactions.
We believe that no one is the same when we are not.
I've done it so that anyone can achieve anything.