Topic Name: To Become A Paper!
Srinivas Mandyana is a father who dreams of playing cricket for the national team.
Shravan Mundana .. A brother who is hoping to pick the same cricket and get a good name on the international level.
But that father's dream is not true .. That brother's Asha was not fulfilled .. That's why father dreams .. Annaiya kaattirukku hoping to fulfill the hopes .. Aharnisilu struggled.
Now she is one of the most successful athletes of Indian women's cricket .. The world number one bats women .. The beauty of the show that the audience will come to the field to see women's cricket .. This is how you know who she is.
Aamma Smriti Mandyana .. When she was about nine years old, her desire to look at newspapers made her move towards the game and how did the game turn her life away? She's a lifetime of cricket career? All the details are for you ..
Sub Topic Name: Cricketer's daughter becomes cricketer ..
The new trend is that the cricketer's son is also a cricketer.
Smriti Mundana, the daughter of cricketer Srinivas, is also a cricketer.
On July 18, 1996, Srinivas Mandyan and Smita were born in Mumbai.
Father Chemical Distributor, Mother Housewife.
When the memory was two years old, the entire family moved to Madhavanagar in Sangli.
Where the memory of the school was completed.
Father Srinivas was an early district level cricketer.
Sangli played for the team.
Annayya Shravan is also a district level cricketer.
Remembering the memory of Shravana in the Under-16 squad,
Annaiyay Photos If you get news in the newspapers .. I would like to see my photo in the paper.
The father, who observed the interest in memory on cricket, encouraged her to go where she was injured.
The memory is so great that the father is encouraged in cricket.
On the other hand, Mother Smita also created the necessary facilities for memory.
Still, the mother plays a key role in the choice of dress and memory.
Sub Topic Name
His elder brother playing cricket goes to his father.
Like the older brother he mimics.
Mantana, who is usually the right hand man, started doing it with his left hand.
That's why we started playing cricket and playing cricket every day in the nets and then went to school.
He went back to the nets for a while back and then went home.
Prior to sending teachers, allocated more time to accomplish the achievement.
Sub Topic Name: Cricket pitch with own money
Mundana training at the age of 15 was to go to Mumbai or Bangalore.
The distance from where to study is going to go.
On the other side of cricket .. on the other side of cricket.
I do not understand what to leave.
Meanwhile
As soon as he did, he made his own concrete pitch with the savings of the money.
It was practiced daily on that pitch.
Cricket continued to practice while pursuing education.
He is looking for opportunities to reward the labor.
In the shortest possible time of playing cricket, Maharashtra had a chance to play under-15.
At the age of seventeen, he was called to Mundan from Maharashtra Under-19s.
Sub Topic Name: Turnout Match ..
One of the games that she played in 2013 has turned her life on cricket.
Match between Maharashtra and Gujarat Under-19 teams in Vadodara
The bowlers were stunned by the bowling of Mendana Sixers and Fours.
The double century was completed when the eyes closed.
He made 224 in 150 balls and made history as the first Indian woman cricketer to be dualized.
Since then, she has got many awards and more opportunities.
On April 1, 2013, an ODI and a Twenty20 match against Bangladesh was announced in the 20th match of the tournament.
And then in August 2014, he entered Test cricket.
England played the first Test match against England.
In the first innings, 22 and 51 in the second innings played a key role in team victory.
In the ODI against Australia in 2016, it was 102 in 109 balls.
That year brought a good name.
In the 2016 Women's Challenger Trophy, India has made three semi-genuine titles.
India has played a key role in winning the blue team.
It was the highest run scorer in the tournament with 192 runs.
ICC won the 2016 Women's Team.
No other Indian sportsman has been able to make a place in the squad except for Mundana.
Mundana made 90 runs against England in the first match of the 2017 Women's World Cup.
Immediately the West Indies battled with another Marathon (106).
In the T20 match against Australia in March 2018, he scored 50 runs from 30 deliveries.
It was the first Indian sportsman to record the highest speed.
In March 2018, the Tea Twenty20 match was played in 25 balls in England.
He broke the record in his name.
Sub Topic Name: Five months away
"In 2017, the knee injury had to stay away for five months.
The situation that can not come out of the house.
Curriculum for walking for almost two months.
Various thoughts surround me.
Any ideas that come to the end of the career come with insane thoughts.
At that time mentally depressed.
But I started to think with a positive view of myself.
I am able to wear at least Indian jersey .. I am waiting for that opportunity to be so lucky that I am more lucky than they are, "said Mundana.
Afterward, the 2017 World Cup bounced back with a maiden bat.
Sub Topic Name: He's a big fan ..
Sri Lankan former captain and wicket keeper batsman Kumara Sangakkara is very fond of.
When Mandy is dissatisfied with his batting, immediately see the batting clips on TV.
In a recent match between India and England, it is possible to meet Sangakkara, who played as an interpreter in the same match.
The photograph accompanied him.
This is the first time that the post was posted on Facebook and watching the movie directly on TV and watching TV is the first time.
Bollywood star in movies is a favorite.
He is watching films without leaving.
If you get the time, the songs will be heard by Arijit Singh.
Volleyball is what you love when you do not have a cricket match.
Sub Topic Name: From Single to Century
"I had a long way from the first single at the young age.
The first Test was very special for me. I did half a century in that test.
When I finished 50 runs, I found my childhood dream in the field.
I just do not like emotional excitement on the ground.
Talking with fellow players about how to play the ball while batting.
Only emotions can not be revealed.
I do not feel emotional at the time of the century.
I like to have a cover drives rather than bounders, 'says Anthony Jersey No. 18.
Sub Topic Name: With the game ..
If you get to the gentle slippery field, the Edapped Boundaries will get a smile to the opposing team.
Her fans are known as Lady Virendra Sehwag .. Lady Run Machine.
Besides dotting the bowlers to the bowlers with the bat, Kuruva is smashed with his beauty .. Now, the name of Mundana is not an avid cricket fan.
The young wave of the young men with the smile of the triple scribble that sums up young hearts.
That is why many social media, such as Facebook and Watsap, are known by the name of Mantana, which is counted by fan clubs.
Indian women's cricket has gained follow-up to any other player.
The heroines are beyond the reach of fans.
Sub Topic Name:
Asked about scholarships .. 'I did not fail tests .. but I have been in the first year since graduation from three years.
The tests, the matches come together at the same time .. so I do not get tests to write .. 'laughs the answer.
"First I am a good chef .. I am a big fan of food .. But I have been eating habit for fitness.
Fitness in cricket is very important.
If the team comes to the team, the team becomes more rigid.
I am aiming to make all the runs in the match.
It's very stressful in the new, but after all, has it done that? "