Topic Name: Character Soldiers ...
How many changes have come from the beginning of the letter.
That's why it's worth reading.
But in the 21st century, there are many children who are not well educated in our country.
Sub Topic Name: That MASTER ... Driver!
Many public schools are looking to shut down because there are not enough students.
The teacher was concerned that the school would be on the day of their arrival in the list.
If it is not for teachers, it's still school.
But that's where the children are around.
He has the same reason for concern.
But the rural rural locals want to go to the school to walk some wild jungle.
So parents do not force their children to go to school.
Teachers can not even ask for this.
This is the barril high school situation in Udupi district of Karnataka.
"How is it settled?" Said Rajaram, a teacher who works there.
He was the only way to go ... to bring the children to school safely in the bus.
This is what he said to his friends and school alumni Vijay and Ganesh.
They went ahead and helped financially.
I bought a school bus with that amount.
But it costs Rs 10 thousand a month to put the driver to run it.
Rajaram is the driver who took the driving license to make it all difficult.
Students in four installations will be brought back to school.
The bus is run twice a day.
With this change, the number of students increased from 50 to 90 in the last two years.
Sub Topic Name: Adlers in English
Many teachers have come to that town to that point.
But when the Annapurna teacher arrived, the child's writing changed.
Villupuram district in Tamil Nadu was educated by students of public school students in Tamil medium.
Even though Convent children are better off in English.
Because Annapurna was their English teacher.
She saw a classroom in English as a English lab in the school to see children suffer from learning English.
There are lessons on the Smart Board with the help of a projector to children.
Phoenix teaches children to improve speech in English.
Thereby learning the English language, it is easy to learn the kids.
With the help of tabs for children, English and poems are said.
There are also many types of teaching equipment in the classroom.
He bought all of his jewelry worth Rs. 2 lakh.
"Do not be dismissed as a public school," he said, adding that the children's English talent in Facebook has been spelled out.
And it's a lot of encouragement to the school.
Speaking in English with children, they are clearly encouraged to speak with him in the same language, and they clearly speak English.
Teachers come from other government schools in the district to look at this classroom.
Sub Topic Name: The school for the cremation. The Kalpalli burial area in Bangalore ... where children are playing among the cemeteries. Because they have their families there. The kids are less likely to go to school. Samuel, Gleida Desilva ... After completing their studies, the 'Hand in Hand' founded a volunteer organization to educate the children here. It is rare that these children are educated beyond the tenth class. Within 13-14 years, all children without parents and children are drowning in the lining of the needles to buried the corpses. This is better for the education of the better job and the lifetime of poverty. That's why the ally duo is coming to the children and telling lessons in the evening. Encouraging them to go to school, these children are taught the lessons in common with the lessons. Computer classes say. There are about 40 children educated here. Everyone appreciates their efforts not to become taller.
Topic: Bhima has sustained me!
As Indians are not aware of Bhima, Chottabism is not a child.
Rajiv Chilalapudi is the person who created the role of Chota Rabe to make our children look oddly.
Rajiv, like Chota Kapoor's character in his stories, has managed to get a lot of success.
In his words about the expedition ....
Our ancestors are Machilipatnam.
My father worked as a scientist at DRDDL (Defense Research and Development Laboratory) in Hyderabad.
I was born and raised in Hyderabad.
My childhood was in Narayanguda.
Adults in the house tell us about our legends and epic words.
Just a little older, reading the story, reading ...
Besides, he was watching the mythical cinema.
I told my friends that I had read the story and read the cinema.
I like drawing toys, but not drawing correctly.
But it's not manna.
I saw Jungle Book at the age of seven.
That movie was a miracle.
Ask the dancer how the movie will be shot with the cartoons and draw the pictures and make the animation.
That's the first time we heard the word 'animation'.
After watching the film, Mogli stayed in my mind for two to three years.
Sub Topic Name: From America
As soon as I got older, I was drowning in the education process.
Engineering completed and went to America to master masters in computer science.
I read the 'Life of Walt Disney' book when I was part time job as a librarian in the university.
Technologies have done wonders in days that do not.
His life story has given a lot of inspiration.
I have once again shown interest in cartoons.
The idea of ​​creating a cartoon character from India was just the first time like Mickey Mouse.
Masters are reading, but I do not like it.
I wanted to stop reading and do an animation course.
If you have an affair with an elder brother in America, he said, 'take a thought and decide.'
I went to scholarship and reading.
To summarize the course, you have to pay $ 20,000 per semester.
If you ask me to help me with the fees, 'you can not make money.
You're taking a big risk.
You must take responsibility for this.
Front
Complete the job
Make some money and get your favorite animation course. '
I felt it was okay.
I worked for three years.
I earned a job after earning enough money.
Not at home.
Daddy did not like my idea.
Amma was encouraged.
Daddy was also slightly shaken after my thought was explained.
Then I joined the Academy of Arts - University of San Francisco 's animation course.
I normally read for four and a half hours ... I was working on the animation course for the night and night.
There was a kind of excitement.
Still that excitement is the same.
After India returned in 2001, I changed a room in our house in Hyderabad and started the 'Green Gold Animation'.
Initially there are no animation experts.
One of the four young men was trained and trained.
Initially brochures, like webpage designing.
Then we started picking up cartoon serials that were only interested in children.
The first project we made was 'Bongo' in 2004 on television.
It also has a better rating than the empowerment.
The night before it was broadcast, our competition company took our team twice a month.
A week later, I was able to select eight young people back in the Amirpet institutions and continue working.
I have played a major role in the design of the Bongo Project,
Then came the Vikram-Bayala series in 2005.
In 2006, we made a serial on Krishna.
We have been doing projects regularly, but it did not come too late.
Most people ask for investments.
Everything was going to come back for profit.
Samir Jain, who was introduced at that stage, came forward to invest in the company.
Sub Topic Name: Chotabhoom is coming ...
The main character in the serials that we have been doing so far, and the rest of the characters and their places are often changed.
In addition, we can spend a lot of money if we can tell stories that are different from the same space with some fixed characters.
Once again, Chandamama and Amara's books have returned.
Then Bhima came into my mind.
Bhima is my favorite character from the small scene.
Likely to do anything with the name 'Little Bima'.
But there are no myths about the adventures of Lord Krishna as a child.
However, I have decided to do the series with Bhima.
Then the name of 'Chottaheem' was fixed and started drawing different sketches.
Bhimudu Balesi, Meal Lover ... read that.
But if it is a giant, it can not be done in today.
We have chosen the present form from tens of sketches.
Like Bhima, Chotabhim is also strong and strong personality.
But it is common to see.
Do not eat too much.
Nothing should not be eaten.
That's why Bhim has shown that Laddu is like that.
Thus, 'Chottaheem' was ready.
Then we chose the hypothetical village called Dholakpur.
Additionally, Chootki, Raju, Kalia, Jaggoo, Dolu Bolo are added to the roles.
We all wanted to be so simple.
The stories show adventure, friendship, humor, dignity, love and affection.
By then the 'Pogo' channel is in the phase of shutting down.
We went to Macko Chance for the last attempt.
We have not yet been recognized for eight years.
That's why we have taken Bim's project very seriously.
In 2008 we had to prepare a new office in Begumpet to increase Staff in the hope of finding a good project.
The first episode had already been sent to the channel.
Week and ten days.
We will go to the new office within four days, meaning that the office building is collapsing on short circuits.
Soon I went.
Sleeping office is burning.
Firringin comes and burns fire.
My eyes are full of water.
The furniture in three floors, the AC and the interior, seemed gray.
I have finished my work.
Good luck did not go to the fourth floor.
What's wrong with our data.
I went to all those people who bought the material and told my situation.
I will give you money back in three to four months.
Everyone understood my situation and accepted it.
While preparing the office again, 'Chotabhim' telecast on TV and got a good response.
The TV channel offered a large amount of advance 13 episodes.
That's a new life again.
After that we started to recognize Chottabhima as an organization that created it.
Bhim has good recognition across the world not only in the country.
Before the start of the Bhim project, the company went down to at least 20 times the company's shutdown in the eight years.
When Bheem arrived, there was never such a situation.
Bheem's next series of Krishna has also been hit.
Lovekush, Chor Police, Arjun Prince of Bali, Maitaraju, Kalari Kids, Kiko and Speed ​​... All the projects we have named us.