Topic Name
Madhukar Gangadhy is not only going to move on till the goal is gone.
After achieving a goal, we are told to go to another destination that stimulates us.
That stimulus keeps us as a triumphant successor.
He is the founder of 'Medplus' pharmacy stores in our cities.
The two newest companies, such as custom Fernandatakcom and Batchtagdatkam, were retained in the South of the largest drug stores.
In his different business,
I am very fond of reading from childhood.
I do not like the stories, the novels, the magazines, the same as the textbooks.
Perhaps, now it seems to me that the life of me as a businessman is the source of my life.
My parents were in the village of Tirumalgiri in Nalgonda district, and I was born in Hyderabad.
Nanny was made the RTC Depot Manager here.
Home and international newspapers and books.
In the interviews of the great businessman who read the shortest of them, the story of the undisputed winners in the novel can be in my own business.
But I also forgot that hope was in me.
I have dreamed for a while.
I think engineering is going to be done.
Danny was already studying civil engineering, so my father is good.
In the same way, I joined MBBS at Inter Pasi Kurnool Medical College with BIPP.
Sub Topic Name: Effect of those two books ..
I could not stay in the clinic that would serve only one of the patients who were searching for me.
I am going to have hundreds of people and I can do it if I can give them something.
It's a challenge to me and always wanting me to be rushing.
It's own business.
I read then the 'Fountain Head' and 'Atlas Shrugged' novels have been very influential on me.
'The world is nothing better than you, you feel good.
For the sake of your superior minds, not for the four.
They changed my perspective.
I have decided not to practice as a doctor.
Did not go as 'house surgeon'.
At home, I was very angry.
Not a reader of Aryan. I aimed at my goal of doing business.
Sub Topic Name: First Run ..
The new wood was introduced in the timber market.
It is like a grandfather for the MDF type we see now.
I went to Dilli and talked with the company to be a dealer to Hyderabad.
They agreed.
I asked for a dose of Rs.
As a matter of fact, I am strongly convinced that I am not angry with his business.
I do not mind.
Finally, what would be the equivalent of a thousand dollars for an ammo dealer! With that money my business started to dominate.
From Vieu Wood to Plewood and other timber business.
There were some new machines in the woods in London.
I went to the city to bring them to India.
That was the first time I got the 'IT industry'.
Sub Topic Name: Second.
The 1997 area ... The IT companies are looking for a gigantic staff on the new business software that Oracle has brought in London.
Software education is already growing in our country.
The idea of ​​choosing the youngsters here and sending them to companies in London.
Immediately I signed a contract with a London firm.
I came to Hyderabad and talked with timber business.
I sent one and two batches.
We are also responsible for giving them visas.
But the staff that promised to go to London later would be better off than us! The biggest challenge I faced was that.
Thinking of the constant thinking of the great innovations in the field of software,
I went to trade with the companies there.
I sent batches from India.
That's where I joined 'INSINK' IT company.
Six years have passed.
I wanted to grow up as a worker.
That growth needs to be invested.
If you trust me, then you must show me the best of it.
That's why I attended MBA in Wharton, a leading business school in America.
Sub Topic Name: That is the third turnover ...
A thesis had to write for the third semester in the MBA.
Other than one of the largest hospitals in India, 85 percent of private nursing homes are under 30 beds.
A business plan has been suggested that a new type of business can be called the Group Purchasing Organization to provide quality beds and other surgical products and pharmacies.
While collecting information for that thesis, a World Health Organization report found that 30 percent of the world's counterfeit drugs were manufactured in our country.
I do not have the question of how much of the items sold in foreign countries are still in the export of foreigners.
To prevent it, the quality of the drugs I would like to make the people pay less.
That's the plan I wrote for. I became the fourth semester in my MBA course.
Everyone was impressed by the fact that it came to India in 2005 and made it commercial.
I and my friends started with an investment of Rs 1.25 crores.
Originally named 'The Drug'.
Sub Topic Name: Forbidden ..
We have started giving subsidies for ten percent of our drugs.
No one has ever done this experiment in our country.
Here's the thing.
Most of the money we spend on medicines for consumers goes to retailers and retail stores.
We bring that distribution work and retail shopping into our hands.
If we offer a discount on customers Before we started our shop in Narayanguda in Hyderabad along with our warehouse.
Spread across all regions.
After arriving in Hyderabad for hundred hundredths, we entered other states in the south.
Not only in those states .. Traders who already had our ten-percent subsidy in the Telugu regions are strongly opposed.
We have raised concerns over the government to put pressure on our company.
I trusted that my business was a loss to the public without a profit.
The same won.
We are not .. We have started giving cheesy drug stores here before the companies have started offering subsidies.
Customers like me as much as I expect.
Sub Topic Name: Fourth .. Five!
Medplus .. Number One is a retail medicine brand in the south.
This is our second place in the country.
We have 1400 shops across the country.
There are two thousand shops for the company with a slightly higher priority.
Not to overtake it but we are going to set up 10,000 stores across the country as part of our expansion.
On the other hand, I concentrated on the furniture sector while doing this.
Someone did not design what we designed .. We designed ourselves online and wanted to open a new trend for our hobby.
That's why I started the 'CustomFinitdotCom' company.
This type of organization in the country is the only one .. people are well appreciated.
The ads show that the factory is sold at factory prices.
They are limited to certain products.
But I recently started batchtagdotcom with the idea of ​​selling a huge amount of money from slippers to dress up.
The company has gained popularity for the assessment.
Many people ask you, 'What are you doing in three businesses?
In fact, 'batchtag' is a business dealer.
If you win it, you feel that you have won a lot.
Sub Topic Name: For Youths!
There are many new companies in the country.
Thousands of staff are needed.
On the other hand, the number of unemployed young people is high.
It is blindly believed that our companies will only get quality staff from only some academic institutions.
Within a few days, such a choice is not correct, companies do not have time to examine each student for a long time.
Besides, there is a test to be able to select better staff from colleges ... This exam is conducted with the same quality of students in all educational institutions regardless of the good name of the college ... It is my idea that they would be better if they gave the copies to the companies.
We want to conduct such tests to reveal all the skills of students as part of our organization's social services (CSR).
We start with the software field first.
Sub Topic Name: Everything is power for me!
How are you able to run all the companies? No organization can not trust each one.
My college friends Dr Bhaskarreddy and Dr. Surendra are some of the co-founders in Medspez.
Ten thousand people are working hard.
All these achievements are possible only to get a good team in every business.
I will work for twelve companies every day for my companies.
I only want every moment to be advantageous.