Maharshi ... Mahi Busi
When the script is completed, almost all of the film is done by 'Hollywood designers. Their intention was that the shooting would not be a big problem if planned. However, this formula may not be applied everywhere. Very importantly in Telugu film. Because the star of the film is like a miniature battle with the heroine. While the script is okay, filming may not be completed in the meantime. How much pre-production is given is the time required for post production. It would be difficult to release the film at the time of the film. This happened in the case of 'Maharishi'. We wanted to take this picture before Ugadi. Then it went on April 26. Now released on May 9th. That's all for the fans. Do not compromise in any matter if they want to make a film. It is natural to be late. Busy atmosphere is now on the set of 'Maharishi'. Chakka Chaka is being completed without the moment. The farmer shows the difficulties and tears. What is Mahesh Babu doing for the riders? Mahesh and director Vamsi Paidipalli on the scene of a scene was a sight to see.
topicEnd

It was supposed to be married: Rana
HYDERABAD: Actor Rana says that her co-star Prabhas is more likely to be patient. 'NTR-Mahanayakudu' is a recent release of Rana Chandrababu Naidu. Currently he is busy shooting for 'Hathi Mere Satheesh'. Rana participated in a recent talk show. On this occasion shared his personal life. "I never thought I'd never been in school before, and I was very interested in filmmaking.

Ten fails ..
'Our grandfather Ramanaidu never worried about my education. Because .. I know that editing is like and I'm learning it. That's why I wanted to be in the field of interest. Fifty class fail. Then many schools are going to pass. Ram Charan is just a friend. My childhood in the film set, where it grew If I were on the top floor, shooting was going to be below the bottom. Breakfast is set to go to school.

Prabhas in five years
'The first thing I learned from Prabhas is to be patient. He has a lot of patience. Prabhas worked very hard for 'Baahubali', and he became a spine. Prabhas won a series of successes. Hits like 'Darling' and 'Mirchi' have come. Just imagine how much he could have done in the five years that he had been allocated for 'Bahubali' films. But he did not care. He worked for 'Bahubali' with patience and dedication. I loved it.

Adrstavantudni
"My grandfather was the producer and I was able to make it easier for me to be in the film industry. It's also possible to choose a story that I liked. This is what happened to our grandfather. I'm lucky in this case.

The only question that Bunny asks
"My friends Ramcharan and Bunny were quick to marry. Then I wanted to marry. Would they both take their wives for having wives (fun)? Here I have only two options. I want to marry, or ram, bunny. Nagarachaitanya later did not spend much time with Akhil. The only question that Bunny ever asks me is: 'When are you going to get married?' My focus is on career now. Make sure that you want to get married.
topicEnd

I do not want to kill myself: Kannada actor Yash
Bangalore: No one wants to kill him, says actor Yash. Heel has created news from several Kannada media sources that Yash is living in harm and killing someone. His fans and family are concerned. Clarity by freshly distributed Yesh's media on this .. 'Nobody does not want to kill. I also talked with the Bengaluru ACP. He said that there was no conspiracy against me. My family is scared because of these rumors. I have been making phones from the morning. There is no fear of any such events happening before. My life is going to be a risk if someone has been gangster. I'm not a sheep. Come and let him come. I know what my potential is. I do not know who all these things are for the media. If such incidents happen earlier, our Kannada film industry will have a bad effect, "Yash said.
topicEnd

Rs 90 crore today. Today is Rs 30 crore? : 'Soho' does not
Hyderabad: Director Sujit 'Sawo' is going to be a huge action adventure. The filmmakers recently spent Rs 90 crore for a fighting scene in the film. The shot was shot in Abu Dhabi, Dubai. Is this a huge amount for a fight? Everyone is surprise. The film is a scene of Rs. 30 crores Filming is currently being held in Hyderabad. Hollywood stunt choreographer Kenny Bates is reportedly undergoing shooting. Analysts say that spending on this level of scenes in a Tollywood movie is not unique to 'Saha'. On the other hand, the film is worth Rs 42 crore from Overseas rights. Prabhas is the heroine of the movie and Shraddha Kapoor is the heroine. Uwe Creations is building. Neel Nitin Mukesh, Arun Vijay, Vennela Kishore, Murali Sharma and others are playing key roles. On the 3rd of March, the 'Sono Chapter 2' was released on the occasion of the birthday. This was a good response. The film is being produced with a budget of nearly Rs 300 crore and the film will be released in Tamil and Hindi.
topicEnd

Arya at Arya's wedding ceremony
Tamil heroine Arya is familiar with Telugu audience. Allu Arjun is the heroine in the movie 'Varudu'. In the 'Sage Zero', he co-starred with Anushka. Now Arya has become the bride's son. Arya's wedding took place in Hyderabad on Sunday with Saiya Sighal, who is the heroine of 'Akhil'. Aarya-Saiya Sangeat was on Saturday, where many film stars from Bollywood and Tollywood attended. Our 'Arya' .. Allu Arjun also sang in the music. Only few people have received the invitation. A ceremony was held in Mumbai even before Sangeet. Sanjay Dutt and other film personalities participated in the ceremony. The wedding feast is going to be set up in Chennai. Rajinikanth, Kamal Haasan, Surya and other star heroes will be present at this dinner.
topicEnd

Did it happen?
If you do not believe me or not, I wrote a girl who says that it is written. What did she actually write? Let's see what's going on in the article. Anasuya is the lead actress. Rajesh Nadendla is directing this film. Battapati Narendra Reddy and Sharma Chukka are jointly producing. Recently, the Teaser of the Kochadai Tea has released. The conversation is a major attraction to the teaser, saying, 'Somebody wakes up when someone who makes decisions is sleeping.' The director said, "This is my first film. The different story and stories are the main strength of the film. Anusuya is going to get another success after 'Moments' and 'Theater' films. Producer Narendra Reddy said "Every scene stimulates interest. It's a pleasure to release our teaser for the job. " Needala Srinivas, Randhir, Dhanraj, Vennela Kishore and Marriage Prithvi are playing key roles. Music for this film: Sunil Kashyap.
topicEnd

Bless you again: Chandrababu
Amravati: We have provided welfare programs for five years, "said Chandra Babu, chief of the TADDA. The state government has achieved 720 awards. He also said that the division of difficulties is going forward. He spoke to Amravati in the media. "TDP is ready for party elections. Vaikappa president Jagan. If we want to fulfill the division guarantees, we are attacking us. We have suffered for ten years in Congress rule. Drinking water, irrigation and water supply problems. TEDAPA came to power and Rs 24,500 crores to farmers. We have made financial assistance to farmers under the Annadata Sukhiwabha. We have provided basic infrastructure in the country, "Chandrababu said.

Everyone needs to be conscientious
"The responsibility of blessing this government is on everyone. Everybody who seeks the future of the future of the state and the future of the state must think of conscientiousness rather than just a turn. People need to think about those who criticize him. Everyone should assess the fact that the facts of this government are on the basis of the facts of the criticism that comes to him. Vaikappa, Bhajrapa and Tharasa Laloochi are doing politics. The state government and the TADAPPAN are so bad that they have the right to indulge in 5 crore people, "Chandrababu alleged.

What is the Telangana government's superiority over us?
"What is the power of the Telangana government in the matter of data? We steal our party information and give you a whiskey. What is the Telangana government's superiority over us? Apart from giving the Opposition to the Opposition, the AP government has been blaming the data for leaking data. Where is it leaked? Vaikappa and Tharasa behave very badly in this regard. People have to make sure that they have a vote. Those who do not vote will have to apply through Form-6. Find out if you have a phone number up to 1050. It is possible to vote till 15th. Easy actions should be taken against those who have been abused by Form-7. We go to Dili tomorrow and meet the Central Election Commission. People should be alert to the vote till 15th, "Chandrababu said.

Need Telangana Rule in AP?
"Recently, Telangana was asked whether the Andhra government should be elected in the elections. Do you want Telangana rule in AP? AP people are brilliant. Vattala for Jagan deviing to Thrissa? Caste, religion and regions are provoking. We have created a lot of hard work and distributed income. KCR letter to the center to give special status to the AP. In this case, the KCR is to persuade Jagan, "the chief said.
topicEnd

'Our' Elections as Horhori: Vote Cine Celebrities
The movie Artist Association (M) polls have been very exciting this time. Sivajiraja unanimously elected in 2017, served as president of the panel, in the main due to the widespread interest in the presidential secretary, and this time there was vikenares. The polls were closed on Sunday morning between 8.00 am and 2.00 pm. Earlier, EVMs were used during the ballot system. The cast members of the 'Ma' members have used their vote for this two-year-old election. A total of 745 votes in the association were 472 voters. The film premiere became a breeze. Traffic struck on highways on both sides of the film chamber as fans flocked to see the cast. The film stars Chiranjeevi, Nagarjuna, Naga Babu, Krishna and Vijayinarmala couple, Jayasudha, Manu Lakshmi Prasanna, Tarun, R Narayana Murthy, Saiadharamet, Allari Naresh, Prithvi, Brahmaji, Sivabalaji, Giribabu, Rajiv Kanakala, Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao, SV Krishna Reddy, Dasari Arun Kumar, Srikanth, Shivajira Raja, Naresh, Sunil, life, Rajasekhar couple, Venu Madhav, Ali, Krishna Bhagwan, Jamuna, Itanjali, Annapurna, Priyamani and others exercised their right to vote. Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna came in to vote in a single car and the fan's happiness has become unbearable. The counting process continued on Sunday even after midnight.
topicEnd