Topic Name: Whether you are aware of losses!
"Four hundred films, four Nandi awards, new opportunities for the door to fill the stomach ... and to fill the mind ..." This idea brought LB Sriram into the Internet.
Like Father Baba, Pandhi's father, like the farmer, attempts to manipulate man as man.
LB Sriram Short Films ... His Second Innings, Second Life ..! .
LB Sriram Hart Films ... is the name I've given to my short films.
I want to see everybody's happiness.
'LB Creations' is my definition of 'Life is Beautiful Creations'.
My idea is to show good around us.
When I look at these names, I understand why you are making pictures of what you want and what you want to do.
There was a desire to act in short films since he was busy as an actor.
The reason is the plays.
The foundation for my career is the foundation.
My drama came in the radio later on.
He worked as a writer and worked for many superheath films.
Eventually, turning into an actor, the moment has come to an endless moment.
There was something in the movie about how many films were disappointing.
I do not know when any scene is going on in the cinema.
Before the start of a comedy scene, you can immediately come to the scene to watch the audience.
It seems that the act of slippery is far from the emotion of the story.
But not in the plays.
All are in order.
Each scene gets one along with it so that you know how much you want to act.
There is a way to see a story without any breaks.
Feeling satisfied with the actors.
Though busy with movies, I have the idea of ​​dancing if it is possible for that pleasure.
Sub Topic Name: From year to year ...
The desire to get back to the stage was reduced by the popularity of the plays as I started.
I thought it would be for the sake of the viewers, the movies seemed to have time for them.
Alternatively, the film was intended to be featured in short films.
Many people think that the quality of the film will be reduced to the level of film making, and the possibility of the film is damaging.
But I did not fear that I had acted in a short film 'Rocks' many years ago.
It is a poor sculpture story that seeks to treat his wife.
It's going to be a good idea to say that the words of the other are sharper than the rocks, and the real people who can not understand the sorrow of the sidelines.
It was awarded as a best documentary film at a International Film Festival in Hyderabad.
I am satisfied to be an actor.
That's why I did not get any trouble with my film chances.
Short Films will take a lot of people to say good things to people rather than money.
After that, I decided to act without taking the rupee in such things.
Sub Topic Name: The fourth step is Nutty
While in the film shoots, I talked to short film directors about the story and talked about stories.
I played the role of Boya in a short film 'Pallaki' by the boy named Phani.
With the hope of showing a good story, the boy came from America and made it.
Try to justify his passion.
What a good outcome, it was screened in a special film titled TV.
Come on with some shorts like 'Art is Dead', 'Bizlerie Bottle' and 'Alice Letter'.
Whenever I had a break in the cinema's work,
Even so, my hunger did not last long.
Occasionally everybody is doing the right thing to do.
To be a bit out of the writer's role.
So many things that I wanted to say were okay.
All you need is a proper platform.
Costs are spent on quotes.
Pony has done a hard work and it is hard to wait for the film to get ten more movies.
There is no scarcity of financial burden on the flap.
Daily serials do not taste nail on TV.
The last way I found it was the internet.
Starting a channel on YouTube, I decided to make a number of short films and now I want to make a seal.
That's the fourth step in the drama, radio and movies.
Sub Topic Name: Preparing for Losses ...
Most of the guys who make documentaries on YouTube appear to be using them as a ladders to come into the film industry.
I do not need that.
One hundred rupees can not make a profit even if the cost is spending Rs.
So there is no intention to make money here.
With the experience of over a hundred years, I learned that, with the quest to share some good things with four people I know.
'Elbi is Life is Beautiful Creations' with the intention of showing all the lives of my films with 'Heart Films' and the life is very beautiful.
Some of the exact rules for this.
The first is the length.
The youngest of those watching YouTube.
There is no patience to allocate 20 and 30 minutes on a film.
That is why he decided not to have any film beyond 10 minutes.
That's why it's time to tell good stories to be so short-lived.
The second is the budget ... even if you are prepared to create documentaries prepared for losses.
For instance, if ten lakhs of losses are lost, it would be better to take twenty five films instead of two lakhs and put in fifty thousand films.
With the same theory, the lower budget is allocated.
Third, the actors ... will not get the money, they will not go.
If there is a quest on acting, it is preferable to those who have some experience.
Time is not enough for me to write stories again, like construction, direction, acting, editing, and acting selection.
That's why I decided to take my own story with my own story as far as possible.
Some of these are just some of the precise rules that have come to the movies.
Whether you want to make short films with the experience of directing drama with the guys.
But it was learned that it was a difficult phenomenon.
To get the best of the thing, you have to work hard to find the right locations and the search for actors.
24 Movie Dialogs should work.
My belief is that the people expect good stories, jokes and new stories from me, and I would like to focus on graphics and other things.
That's why I started this new journey five months ago when I was born on my birthday.
In the first installment, eleven films were released and one of them was released seven films in one week.
I am trying to improve myself based on their comments.
You are answering audience questions through interviews on YouTube.
Preparations for the second installment are completed.
It was my idea that this week was to release ten-fifteen pictures at once and release each second every Friday.
Travel to my camel.
In the current generation,
It's good to travel with them to get that momentum, but all of my crews are having boys.
My thoughts are changing to this generation by working with them.
Some projects have been prepared for the Internet and TV.
Sub Topic Name: Remember forever
I grew up in a small aggression near Amalapuram and had a statewide name in the first plays.
Later on I was impressed with Allindia Radio.
On top of that, he has come into the industry as a writer for many hit films and has been recognized as an actor in more than four hundred films.
I want to tell you the new experience with that long experience.
There are no differences between hits and flops in YouTube.
One day a hundred people can see a thousand more days.
Because they do not have time for me, my films will keep going on.
Amravati stories and my efforts to bring them back as Malgudi Days.
It is not enough to make too many pictures, so they have to be able to tell me a lot of money.
That's why the effects of my documentaries change ten ideas, my second innings ... 'Second Winning' count.