Topic Name: From now on GoodMorning does not say
Bollywood, Tollywood, Kollywood, can not make limits.
Films, Short Films
Opportunity shows his talent everywhere, doing justice to every role made.
It is not possible for the rest of the heroines only to be able to do it ... because she is Radhika Apte.
Because he treats himself as an actress rather than a heroine.
Freshly joined Rajani in 'Kabali'.
In this case, the actress says to have her decades old experience.
Our own.
The college days were more of a classroom than in class.
I actually like school days.
Even if both of them are a doctor, they are not interested in my interest in drama.
As a member of the Marathi drama team, Mohit Thakalkar,
My drama would look like how busy my dad was.
Education was neglected.
Degree in Ferguson College with economics and mathematics subjects.
I learned Kathak for eight years as a child.
Sub Topic Name: Look in play
My father did not agree with me when I was going to the movies.
But family that respects people's decisions and opinions is ours.
While in the degree she had a chance to play a small role in the Hindi film 'Wah: Life Ho to Aisi' in 2005.
Later in a Hindi short film.
Bollywood hero Rahul Bose who has seen me in an experimental performance by Kalamand ... has given me the chance to be in Bengali and is going to be in Anthin.
The film was released in 2009, along with Rahul and Aparna Sen and Sharmila Tagore.
I made a good chance.
The film received four national awards.
I got good recognition.
After that I made two movies in Marathi and Hindi.
In 2010, Ram Gopal Verma was invited.
I made two parts of 'blood history' in three (Telugu, Hindi and Tamil) languages.
'Good morning' in the Varma set does not like to say.
'Good Morning said that Morning is going to be good for me.'
I loved that logic.
From that moment on, I stopped telling Good Morning.
If not, he does not like anything.
I learned Varna along with acting along with Varma.
I also acted in Prasrhaj's movie 'Dhoni'.
That's my wife's role.
But to be a good man.
It seemed challenging.
That's why I did it.
Later I played Balakrishna with Legend and Lion.
I have done in Tamil and Malayalam cinema after Telugu in Telugu.
Before the shooting of Southern films I will write my dialogues in Devanagari script.
I take care of every word and take care of it.
If it does not do it, it will be difficult for dubbing.
In Indian cinema, I am doing international projects on the other side.
Sub Topic Name: Lessons in London
My thoughts were about to turn around Bollywood.
After learning about the world cinema,
That's my world, as I got into the theater.
On the other hand, I was trained in 'Contemporary Dance of India' along with Martial Arts and Kathak.
Then I went to London in 2011 and took part in the 'Contemporary Dance and Release Therapy' for one and a half years.
From then on 'stand before the camera.
It is not important what film is it '.
In fact, in 2011 Bollywood's 'Shore in the City' I had a chance to release.
But I dropped them and went to London.
I can never forget the time spent there.
That interval personally brought me a lot of changes and filled the actress with a fresh look.
Our 'Benedict Taylor' was introduced there.
He is a musician.
We had two years of sympathy.
I do not believe in the wedding.
But in 2012 we got married without visa and other issues.
Sub Topic Name: The Forgotten Year
Many films before 2015. My movies that come to me are coming from 2015.
Last year 11 films were released.
These include Badalpur, Manchhi and Hunter films.
The 14-minute 'Ahalya' short film is also very popular.
I acted as an elder wife.
Director Soujo Ghosh telephoned one day and told him the story of 'Ahalya'.
He immediately told me what he said.
It was a good response to the way it was taken.
About 60 million people watched YouTube.
In 2016 I made 'Phobia'
In that case, I look at the places of desolation, but I'm worried about the terrifying 'Agagopoobia'.
Every frame in the film will look like.
Sensitive topic.
It is not right to act like the rest of the characters.
That's why I read so deeply about Phobia.
I learned about my girlfriend, my psychologist, and my mother's parents.
Acting in the film was satisfied with me.
When I told director Pawan Kripalani that I was given a chance in Phobia when I was looking at the pictures of my films, my belief was that the film was very important to me with small and big acting.
Sub Topic Name: Rajani admired
I see Anurag Kashyap films from college days.
His 'Dev D' went to auditors.
Anurag's courage is greater.
The mind is what you say.
These features are in me too.
That's why he made films like films, serials and shorts with producer and director.
'That Day after Everyday', 'Badlapur', 'Madi', 'Hunter' ... all of this together with Anurag.
We are going to do 'Gaddy' soon.
Some parts of the film like Peeku, Queen, and NH10 have done well.
I want to do something like that.
But for some reason they are going to star heroines.
Even if I can not do it, I will not regret it.
Sometimes I'll compromise as an actress.
Can not work if it is compromised! However, you can compromise and do a range.
Fully pathetic characters do not give me anything.
I do not think that the heroines do not act in commercial cinemas.
Fitznesse is more important than the acting.
I have to do all kinds of roles as an actress.
Running and yoga to make me fit, I do dance too.
But it's not my job to think about beauty in the same thing as a diet.
I was surprised when director Ranjith asked me to act in 'Kabali'.
I'm married and my films are different.
Yet, I could not believe it.
I have played a good role in this.
Rajani is very simple and humid in the set.
A few months without a break.
I have many English dialogues in the first day shooting.
I felt a little nervous.
But it's okay in single take.
Rajini Sir came and said, 'Your performance is very good.'
Sub Topic Name: Make Makeup
Almost all of my characters have done little makeup and make them look natural.
I would like to be simple outside too.
When you go out, do not get dressed and come up with simple sandals.
I want it to be.
I called only 50 people for my wedding.
I dressed up the wedding gown rather than the usual dress.
Often a guy with me to go to Selpi.
I asked the names of the three films I had made before.
"Madame, Fair and Lovely Add".
So the heroine does not like me to put anyone in the picture.
Once again, one person talked about my dramas and movies.
I talked to him for 15 minutes.
Do you think the fans are close to me ... I'm in social media.
I'll put things around myself.
Sub Topic Name: Director of Directors
There is no big strategy for the royalty work.
Most notably, 'I'm in a lot of place'
Whether or not she is improving herself as an actress.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Radhika are doing any film with these two.
She is very open.
The director is ready to do whatever he says.
What makes you fearless?
No need to rehearse with Radyo.
Radhika does not take special time to prepare for his role.
As soon as he describes the character, he is ready.
She's got that ability.
Sub Topic Name: Do not play dramas
In my ten years of ten years, I have acted in more than 30 films.
Doing movies does not make a degree.
There are no rules to do exactly that here.
There were some bitter experiences on this journey.
But all of them feel like learning.
I am unable to succeed as commercially as a single place in different languages.
That is not something that is not limited to a language.
I keep trying to include more languages ​​in my movies account.
So far I have acted in Marathi, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Hindi, Bangla and English.
My dream is to make movies in foreign languages.
You have to be a good agent to get international opportunities.
A good agent should have a good movie.
The 'baby munda egg munda' is the case.
Whether or not films are going, I'm just going to go for drama shows on behalf of 'Aaktakal Kalammuk'.
Also, the film will be settled in Pune on the day the world meets me.