Vijay Devarakonda's 'hero'
Hyderabad: Vijay Devarakonda is the heroine of Maitrey movie makers movie 'Hero'.
The film is going to be produced in Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam languages.
Anand will be directing the film.
Maitri movie makers announced that film shooting would begin on New Delhi on April 22.
The film is going to be released in Tamil with 'Hero' title.
Shiva Karthikeyan is playing the heroine in this movie.
Kalyani Priyadarshan is the heroine.
The film started shooting on Wednesday.
Vijay 'Hero' is going to be released in Tamil with the same title.
Now there is a problem with Shiva Karthikyan film titled.
This is why someone has to change the title for each movie.
Look at what film team compromises.
Topic: My age is ten years old
Internet desk: What do children do at the age of 10? Well you will learn ..
But a boy has done a different job.
At the age of 10 he wanted to start a service provider.
He knew a lot and focused on what he thought.
But there is no clarity about some of the things.
Thinking about what to do.
Anyway, a huge airline wrote a letter to the CEO.
He asked his questions to provide any answers and advice.
This is the Australian name of Alex Jacques.
At the age of ten, the airline was keen to establish its own.
He wanted to be a CEO of an international airline.
He's got a lot of information on the net.
Yet some answers are unknown.
The Qantas CEO, known for being the largest airline in Australia, was sent to Allen Jose on a piece of paper with pencil.
At the beginning of the letter I had to write all that I was saying seriously. 'Now I have a school holidays.
I have a lot of time.
That's why I want to run international Airlines under the Oceania Express (all I say is Serious).
How to get started That's my CEO.
My friend is Vice CEO.
First of all, I want to run non-stop services from Sydney to London.
However, the aircraft should travel about 25 hours.
No one should be embarrassed when traveling on my flights.
They should arrange an airplane so that they can sleep.
Do you have any suggestions for doing all this? Let's say, 'Qantas asked the CEO.
Qantas CEO has responded to this jerking letter.
'I'm not the right person to tell you how to start business.
A legal advisor appointed by you in your organization says.
We are constantly thinking about the proper arrangements for the passengers to fly in.
But so far we have not found solutions.
We need to get together once we are able to find a solution.
Anyway, your idea is good.
I also think of you at your age, "he wrote.
Subsequently, the letter written by the boy and the pencil, the letter written by the CEO in Qantas Twitter account.
The CEO of such a large corporation, however, praised him for a ten-year-old boy's opinion, asking him to answer the letter and answer him.
Topic: As far as politics is with Chandrababu: Hour
Amravati: With the Rs 17,000 crores deficit budget, Navdhandhra has begun: Chief Minister Chandrababu has challenged every crisis in these five years, Minister Banerjee Srinivasa Rao said.
Not to pay the rupee, he said that he was a great leader who collected 33 thousand acres for the capital.
Former MLA Vangavati Radha TEDAPPA was present at the house residence of Ullavalli.
He said that the forthcoming elections would be between corruption and experience.
There is no truth in the news that he is changing the party.
Vaikappa is accused of playing daily mindigam.
A morality, rule, and valor declaring that degrading politics is wrong.
He said that he had met with Jagan.
Media representatives will not come to the trap trap .. If any suspicion comes in contact, he will answer.
As long as he is in politics, Chandrababu will work in the leadership.
The matter has already been repeatedly said, "If the situation is in such a situation, the hour will go away from politics.
Arrest of Khalistani terrorist in Dille
New Delhi: Guiltywalka Bobla, 53, was arrested by the Dilie Crime Branch police in Khalidistan Commando Force.
The police on Wednesday announced the matter.
He was already absconding.
Gürsebach Bobla was part of the case involving more than 50 terrorist acts.
He has been accused of killing some police and their informers in Punjab, Dilli, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, and raids on banks and police stations, "police officials told media.
Gursevakbbla has links to Jarnail Singh Bhindarwala, who was killed in the 'Operation Blue Star' by the then Indian Army.
Police said he was trying to restore their fiery company with instructions from 'Khalistan Commando Force' chief Parantjit Singh Panchwad.
Some of the many jails in India are trying to negotiate with terrorists.
He also said that he is negotiating with Pakistani-based Khalistani companies.
He said he had escaped from the police custody of Dilli and Rajasthan two times in the past.
On Tuesday night, he was informed that he was coming to the Interstate Bus Terminal (ISBT) and when he arrived, the Dilie Crime Branch police arrested him, police officials said.
Topic: US backing Masood to clarify that it should be declared an international terrorist
Washington: The US has once again made it clear that Jash A Mohammed (JMM) supremo Masood Azhar was to be declared an international terrorist.
In other words, peace and stability can be disrupted.
The United States made the remarks after a key meeting of the UN Security Council on Wednesday.
The US claims there is enough evidence to announce Azhar as an international terrorist.
Deputy Foreign Office spokesman Robert Palladino said in a statement on Tuesday.
JEM has been committed to many aggressions.
India and the United States will fight on terrorism.
India also has full cooperation in the United Nations.
The US has already proposed three times to recognize Masood Azhar as an international terrorist.
But China is everywhere with his veto power.
Palladino responded by saying that it is working to meet China and America for peace and stability.
It is difficult to reach targets if China overruns Masood.
Topic Name: 'KGF' Chapter 2 Shuru ..!
BANGALORE: Popular Kannada film 'KJF' starring Yash Katharayana in the film has become popular all over the world.
Prashant Neal has directed the film.
The second part of the film was shot today.
Yash and Chitrabadam performed the Pooja program at the Kodandarama Temple in Bangalore.
Prasanth Neale will also direct this film.
Srinithi Shetty is the heroine in the first half and will be doing Yash.
Bollywood actor Farhan Akhtar is playing a key role.
Bollywood producer Ritesh Sidhwani is producing this film jointly with Varahi Film Company.
The film will be based on the Kolar Gold Fields of Karnataka.
KGF was released on December 21st last year in Telugu, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil and Kannada.
The movie has earned Rs 200 crores in 18 days.
So far, no Kannada film has been released in these languages ​​and has not gained such an extent.
Let's wait for the second part of the range.
Topic Name: Rupee is double
"We have achieved a bigger scale than we thought ..." 118.
Mahesh S. Koneru said that the film is a good name for Kalyanram.
He is producing '118' on the East Coast Productions banner.
Kalyanram, Rija Thomas and Shalini Pandey.
The first film made keviguhan paparazzo.
The recently released film was a good success.
On this occasion Mahesh S. Koneru was in touch with the villagers in Hyderabad on Wednesday.
That's the point.
'Pattas' is the number one film in terms of Kalyanram career.
It is a commercial major film.
'118' ... a new Zoner story.
There will be risk.
Kalyanram is a film that has been given a name that has been revived once again.
If I am a producer, I have two rupees. "
"I have submitted to Kalyanram's heroine Na Naive.
But it did not play as expected.
It raised the tussle in us.
The director told the story when the film was being shot.
If you know that it will cost you more ... try to do a good movie, we have succeeded.
This story is to be done at Kalyanram NTR Arts.
But I asked him if he would have done this in my banner.
I love thriller stories, new kind of efforts.
Now Kirtisasheesh is the main character of the film is a new kind of story.
That's why we have two more movies this year. "
'' Said the director told the story to make keviguhan confidence.
We never thought of experimenting.
With the fondness of Nandamuri's family, I have an affair with NTR and Kalyanram.
I do not do anything with NTR.
He was impressed with the '118'.
Did he show Dilraju and Shirish with his encouragement? "
"I never thought I would be a producer.
Start a career as a journalist
He wrote reviews for movies.
But I was never worried about reviews of my films.
In '118', the scenes of the break were made with the advice of the director.
No idea to direct except that.
At present, it is an attempt to build a movie with a top heroine.
Director Harishankar, I will build some films together.
Topic Name: A tuition found in tuition
'Chithalahari' starring Saidhiram Tej is the heroine.
Actress Pethuraj and Kalyani Priyadarshan are the heroines.
Kishore Tirumala is the director.
Naveen Erneli, Y.Raviashankar and Mohan (CVM) are producing.
Teaser was released Wednesday.
Saidhiram Tej said, "Director Sukumar has agreed on the voice over.
Devisri Prasad has given a good background music.
Kishore Tirumala is the story of how well he made the film better.
Sunil is very much interested in watching comedy.
Even if he did not become an actor, he wanted to make a film with him.
It's a great way to work with him. "
The director said, "The teaser has seen the last dialogue is very good," said Sunil.
That's the conversation I said while in Krishnanagar. "
Sunil said, "Kishore gave me such a role when I look forward to a good role.
It is entertaining with the story.
As a child, he would watch the 'Chitralahari' program on tuitions.
There was TV only.
I do not think I will be doing the film in 'Chitralahari'.
Reportedly, Puthuraj said, "Director Kishore has beautifully portrayed the characters.
Saidhiram Tej is a wonderful co-star.
It is happy to work with Kalyan. "
Producer Naveen Earney said, "We are releasing the film on April 12th.
We will hold an early celebration in the first week of April.