Topic Name: Rajinikanth can not believe the phone!
He looks like a stupid intern student but ... Karthik Subbaraj is very deep! He is clear in life.
That depth, adding his new cinematic expression to the clarity, seems to be genius in the directors.
That was why he was able to capture superstar Rajinikanth in the shortest time.
If you are happy with the hit 'petta' hit with Subbaaraj ....
The word for three years.
I want to meet Rajinikanth.
He's already together for a while ... Now he's going to tell him the story! If the story is a director, give me a chance ... One of my goals is fulfilled.
I will write the story well but ... not to say it in words.
I have not told any hero who has ever worked for more than ten years.
Just give a brief answer ... 'Read the rest of this script and sir!'
But Rajinikanth is in the hands of a big book like that 'read sir!'
Tell the story.
That's how I'm fairy! Why is it better that I narrowed my story to a ten page.
If I can not tell you well, read the 10 pages that you would like to request.
In the end, he fell down before him.
After ten o'clock, he said, 'The story is here, sir ... read!'
'The story you tell the story is very good Karthik! Please go! '
It was then understood how much this person will encourage new people.
Millennial strength has come.
I told the story for the first time in my career.
I hear it again.
I will explain my own story in this ...
Sub Topic Name: Thousand eyes awaiting ...
Mannanna bank employee.
Amma's Housewife.
At home, me.
Even though in education, he was able to help in mim and skits.
Big fan of Rajinikanth
If you make a small comment on 'Thalaivarai'
There are so many occasions when the shirts have gone home! In 2000 I was studying the second year of Inter.
My dad has set up a 'Millennial Function' for our friends and relatives in Madurai.
Nano Skeet wrote in the background of the Kargil War for the event.
Without dialogue, all of those drama that just happened with the theme song.
They all worked well on me.
Start writing drafts.
I feel like my life is going to be a degree in Visual Communications.
'It's a non-rigid degree' that our housekeepers hit my mind.
After getting involved in engineering ... went to the drama.
I have no other way.
Not so much about engineering.
And now, with my stories, poems and plays.
With B-grade, I got out of 'Best Cultural Champion' award.
I took a software job in Bangalore.
I am a creative programmer.
I started picking short films on weekends.
I bought the camera and lighting equipment.
Every Saturday I started uploading shortfilms and uploaded.
I was waiting for the weekend for all the comments and lights for Likes! I'm glad that my birthday is twenty-four times more.
Sub Topic Name: 'get out'
A show started with a TV channel called 'Tomorrow's Directors'.
Many of the crew members of the shortfilm will be eager to participate in it.
I selected a short phrase that I sent.
But that does not stop at the show selection.
We are with those TVs and need to make five new short films.
It takes at least two months.
I decided to stay with that TV team on my weekend vacations.
That's just me.
My performance in the office is to send me to France for a new project! A software employee is a chance to fly but ... what's my dreamfilms dream ?! That is why I said I do not go to France at my Hr.
I'm not mad!
I was angry and grew up.
At one level I told you to rage! Let's say lunch and come out.
As soon as I got out of the way,
'How to leave this job stand-up? What if we do not have success in the TV show?
Just two days after the registination, the notice period is noticeable.
If there is no success in the TV show, you can come here again and be here.
So now let's give a reginance.
With that insight I went back to the office.
I accessed my ID card at access point but ... it was not allowed.
'You talk with HR'
If you talk to him, he said, 'You can not go for longer.'
That's why, two months time period is not asked.
'We're getting rid of you, you do not have that chance.'
At least they did not even get inside my office and gave me a chance to take my bag.
Sub Topic Name: Not a Champion But ...
I said at home that job has gone.
I was terrified.
'This is also good for you.
Look what can get short films.
If there is no success, find another job. '
That's why I came to Chennai and participated in the TV show.
I know how serious it is to pick up a movie.
I am a champion in that program.
That program was famed in Tamil Nadu.
I thought later that I would jump into the film industry! Based on my experiences in the TV show, I wrote the story.
I did not refuse me.
There was no problem to refuse ... but their method is different.
When I tell the story, 'Let's do it!'
Office and staff members for me.
Finally they told me what the story was about to get out of it ... or my story was to change them.
They could not do both of them.
Two years wasted! Finally, a producer named CV Kumar said: "The problem is in your story.
The budget is higher.
No one can accept the risk of being a new youngster.
Write a short story to get the film in two months.
I'll build it! '
In a week's time, I wrote the story of 'pizza' with the horror theme.
The film is a big hit.
Dubbing in Telugu also brought good profits.
Siddharth's movie 'Jigarthanda' was based on the story that I first wrote in the movie ('Inchiguuku do not find' in Telugu.
It is not just a matter of great talent in our country.
"I liked the younger director Karthik Subbaraje.
Sub Topic Name: Rajinikanth Phone ...
Rajinikanth telephoned me in the first week of my first film 'Pizza'.
In the beginning, somebody is playing.
That's the way he is! 'Brilliant Film .. Guru' said.
Just after the release of 'Jigarthanda', I went to meet myself! When I went, I asked, 'What's the style of my villain?'
'That's not the role that Saar inspires for all my life.'
"But the villain asked me to ask him," he said.
And it's ... 'Let's get a good story!'
My journey started with him.
So, as I have said before, he wrote the story for him, but the problem is how to say! The whole story tells you, 'Good.
Let's go ahead with someone producer.
But it took three years for our film rails.
In between I made two films.
Later, I asked for questioning about mental torture on women.
Prabhu Deva made a secret film 'Merkuri' on the loot of corporate houses.
Both of them were critically acclaimed and failed to win the box office.
I had no idea that my next film would be with Rajinikanth.
Sub Topic Name: Decreased my touch ...
Sun Pictures is a movie that will be directed by Rajinisar to tell me about my story.
They are okay.
So my story goes on.
Generally, in my films, the sub-plots are very much with the original story ... there are emotions.
But all of them for the 'petta' are just as important as what fans expect from Rajinikanth.
Since the 1980s he has recollected all the superhit films and wanted to kick the fans.
I used some of the toes to do so.
Sub Topic Name: He is scared ...!
My wife's energy is always reading horror novels.
Ghost movies are watching ... that night! Sometimes the sounds are going to go to her room to get scared me! With his inspiration, I played the heroine role in 'pizza'.
Since then, I'm not aware of the characters of the heroes I've been making! Rajinikanth had a lot of disturbances to get the film after the story.
Many big companies have agreed.
The consequences hurt me.
Then my wife assured me.
Teetha Viva with 'Nuvva' Thalivar ... That's not dumb! '