Topic: Cheap cancer drug made!
There are a few attributes in Telugu.
Straightening, nobody's worthy, I do not know how much work to breathe ...
Usually these attributes can damage us personally.
But these are the ones that Venkatara Rao's Tamils ​​have made proud chemists.
Drugs like blood cancer and AIDS have been found to be the lowest cost-effective pharmaceutical practices in the world.
The landmark of the journey ..
Cheap cancer drugs! 'You are second to me.
Your first wife is that chemistry.
But that's what you say ...! 'My wife is always trying to knock.
I never told him ... before the introduction of chemistry I had two idiots.
One ... cinema.
Second ... poker.
That's the same, and I'm even in the 10th class! Ours guntur.
Danny is a clerk in the government department.
My studies did not go well until the ninth grade.
My father did not let me go to my dads in Guntur.
There, in the Hindu high school, was included in the tenth class.
At that afternoon, classes were exchanged and went to the movies.
Aanar 'Balaraju' will be seen in fifty sixties! Piccadas got acquainted with movies.
That's the fate of the tenth class.
And we have nine children in our house.
The elderly among all is the fault of the class.
I told you to go back again and write the word.
This time my father put me in the shirt.
I began to read diligently.
It was the famine of the 1945s.
The farming of the deacons was completely damaged.
Daddy had to get home with 40 fortyphones that sent me monthly.
Eat only one rice per day.
There was a dinner that left! In those circumstances, I entered the Class 10 class in the first class.
Sub Topic Name: I did not Win ...
I have got chemistry, biology and physics group due to fear of maths.
Guntur joined Hindu College.
Picho Verro on chemistry ... something started there.
We went to the library rather than our textbooks.
Not only in the books but everywhere around me, Vasana and Ruchi all seemed to me chemistry.
Because of that interest, I have been with good marks in Inter.
After graduating from AC College, I worked as a Demonstrator.
Correctly I got a job in the central government.
'Demonstrator post temporary job.
The Central Government did not breathe life for the client.
After retirement the pension also comes to a halt.
You have to do that job! "Dad insisted.
Why do I hear that which is already in my love for chemistry? With that in mind, I joined BSc Tech courses in chemistry with pharmaceuticals specialization at Bombay University.
Two years course seemed to be complete in minutes! On the last day, 'Who of you will do PhD?'
No one is doing except me.
All of my classmates have started to look me mad.
Because thousands of companies are doing well with the pharmaceutical course, More then PhD should be done at the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) in Pune.
Dr. Venkatraman, the renowned researcher is the director.
It is known that none of the nine-year-old does not complete his PhD! I finished the PhD in three years.
I thought I was in the organic synthesis.
Synthesis means ... we are trying to get rid of the chemical elements by different methods. With these changes, instead of natural elements, artificial ones can be put into the lab.
All of my life turned into an organic chemist.
Sub Topic Name: In Harvard ...
The Indian textile industry is still the first step.
From the flower, the elements of the pest are synthesized and produced by chemical dye.
EJ Corey of Harvard University (he was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1990) for me.
I have learned where science and technology are on the bacteria.
But it was something I had to watch Harvard.
'Why did not our country ... the poverty line of independence also felt poverty and sickness?'
I came back to India to do something in order to eradicate those problems.
When you come here, the situation is different.
EZJ Corey is angry that he does not want his permission to call me Harvard then our NCL Director! I am a 'grade' scientist who has given me a 'B' grade! I do not care.
I'm working on cancer here.
'Kudar' said.
So I had to take a different route.
Sub Topic Name:
Where we find the place where our village is in our villages.
No animal can attack it.
At least bacteria are not infected.
We see that it's stiff.
Western scientists have discovered that such a flask is a reduction in blood cancer.
They were imported by us.
At one point, the imports were stopped and the plant was growing in the United States.
So far, the employment of the dependent tribes has been lost! The Maharashtra Social Welfare Department has collected them to help them.
Specially for setting up the Science Department.
But all the scientists here said, 'It's very hard.
We do not do that! "
Because it's difficult ... there are 95 alkaloids in each tiles.
Only one of them can help with cancer prevention.
It's hard to separate one from that 95.
For this purpose, the heaviest chromatography devices abroad are separated by the most complex methods.
There is no room for that.
I started experimenting with the Maharashtra government that I could do it in easy ways.
A large drum strained the water tap ... I was able to separate the cancer-resistant alkaloids using a special chemical in the water.
I prepared the medicine.
My drug price was Rs. That's what the Maharashtrian government has said, "A young scientist has invented a low cost cancer drug," declaring the assembly in the Assembly.
From that day on, I started looking at the hero.
The 600 medicines I created at that time were Tata Cancer Institute, Adayar Cancer Hospital in Chennai and Narsinghoms in Pune.
Their price was two lakhs then! Soon after that, Shivraj Patil, Minister of Technology and Technology, came to me and talked about my research for hours.
Sub Topic Name: Aids drug cheap ...
A young man from the Gulf in 1988 was first identified as having AIDS.
A drug called 'jidoudine' (called AZTT) is used to control it.
That price was so high then! It seems to me that AIDS is in danger of being in a large population.
So I tested experimentally that it would be possible to synthesize A.Z.
Cipla's head, Yusuf Hamid, started producing drugs.
The 'Baros Wellcome' company, which has already made the drugs for our cheap drugs, has been cheated.
An officer in the central government did not let us go ahead with our file.
Warning that the matter will be brought to the Prime Minister if he has not been given permission to the officer. It was later.
In 1992, we had anti-retroviral drugs.
However, not everyone got a proper understanding of the 1995 AIDS! Thousands of people have come to our care.
Sub Topic Name: That little flower ....
In 1995, I was retired.
However, it is not possible to continue as a 'distinguished scientist'.
It is the Cabinet Secretary rank! But ... I've got to work in the government.
As IT companies offer outsourcing services to overseas companies, such services are offered in science research.
So far new thinking! But do not grill in the hands to form the lab.
With my hobby in Hyderabad, a large house was built and my money was gone.
I had a chance to lecture me in foreign universities and pharmaceutical companies.
When I went, American companies like Zedi Serl and CytoMed gave me two of the hardest experiments. The company, which started with the money, now has a turnover of two crores with two units.
We had a question of setting up our own company.
My three children said, 'You are the brand of our company, so let's leave your name!'
So the first four letters in my name are called 'avra'.
I thought I would put a little finger into the logo that caused the cancer drug to find the lowest cost.
Sub Topic Name: Cancer, Aids No ...
Vitamin B6, all of the cost of medication, such as Cyclospirin and Au-486 for kidney transplantation, which prevented the body from getting rid of my synthesis decreased heavily.
Cancer is used as a drug called 'irinitisin'.
The origin of its preparation is made from 'Happy Tree' found in China.
Hence the price is higher.
We made it in the lab and we reduced the price to a third.
Now we're exporting to China! I could do all this with less resources.
My quest is to prove that none is in Indian research.
The Padma Shri in 1991 gave me the Padmashri in the Government of India in 1991.