Topic Name: Success does not come to anyone else!
To be successful As a great study ... while writing the name of our country is not correct.
Pony is an affluent philanthropist ... he is born in a poor family! And how did Kiran Kumar, who had no wealth of heritage, became the head of the golden kingdom of 10,000 billion rupees? If you ask him, you are saying this ....
I was born in Nellore.
Whether you know it or not ... Nelluri is known for making gold jewelry.
Our family came from Rajasthan for eighty years to work there.
Nanna Mullaland Jain ... Amma Sushilabai.
They have eight children.
I am the last one.
Six brothers and two elder brothers.
Due to the large family, there is no poverty poverty.
Daddy worked in gold stores and clothing stores.
It was difficult to get food alone, not three times a day.
I went to school with all the kids but ... That's not the same letter piece in my burial.
How can I go to class fifth after that?
That's why my dad was 'eating up for you!'
It may be because of the difficulties in the home ...
When my ladies were going to work in gold stores then I started going with them.
Three years later, it was reported that Nellore produced in Nellore would be sold as stores for shops in Chennai and Kerala.
I do not want to sell it too.
Do not want gold to make jewelry! In my home there are four gold bangles that are protected by Amma.
She did not get her to go and smelt them ... I made some zumkies in 65 grams.
They took me to Chennai.
Lalita Jewelery, where I heard the most out there shop I stood before the shop.
That's why the owner of the company Kandaswamy is in the car.
He told me that he had come from Nellore to sell the jewelry for you.
It's a twelve year old boy! Would you like something fun? 'Show me okay!'
My 65 grams of red junkies were shown in the red paper! He counts the price of jewelry every day ... he smiled at them.
But let's not discourage me, 'I'll test them ... tomorrow is coming!'
Everyone is looking for jewelry.
That's the thing.
Daddy is dead.
Amma said, 'Only the remaining jewelers in the house ... think about you!'
The next morning, I went back to Lalita Jewelers.
When I looked at me, he said, 'Get more like this!' Kandaswamy paid Rs 15,000.
My first earning as a lender is that! I bought gold and other gold.
For 24 hours, I had to eat and drink a hundred grams of jewelery.
Usually it takes a week to make jewelry.
I saw him in front of me the second day.
Gradually 200 g., 300 g., 1000 g. ... In the six months I reached a level of three kilos of gold jewelry.
From that moment onwards I started buying jewelry completely.
Other big stores have been issued with Lalita Jewelers.
I made a business of Rs 7 lakh in the first year.
After I became Major, I had registered a jewelry store called 'AK Jewelers' in partnership with a friend named Ashraf.
In the south of the eight years, I became the number one jewelry jewelry manufacturer.
He slept only for three or three hours a day.
That blatant tragedy made me the nineteen for nineteen years.
Sub Topic Name: Perseverance + Adventure = Newness
The 1996 area ... Lelita's jewelery management has lost its ownership.
'I can not get arrested because of the debts ... shut the shop!' I had to wait and see my owner Kandaswamy.
How would you feel when a life-giving firm is sinking? So I bought it in 1999.
But ... but for six months I did not understand.
Selling ten kilos of jewelry per hour as a wholesale salesman, I could not sell gold in a kilo that worked hard throughout the rent.
Four years later, I was asked, 'What's the matter?'
Even so, I did not want to go back.
I started to think about what's new.
For the first time in the south, I introduced the bais Halham to be of quality.
They were also sold at wholesale prices.
I cut my profits and looked down to nine hundred.
All of these attracted customers.
Profits have gone up.
But 'jewelry shops' associations gave me a hug ... not to sell.
Contestants directly threatened me ... not afraid.
I'm doing my work.
I'm brave enough to care for them.
If not, you can not face challenges in life, nothing new.
Sub Topic Name: That's why the model ...
Initially, Lalita had to go to Chennai from Chennai to supply jewelry to jewelery.
If night buses, the fares are less than two rupees.
That's all about making millions.
I changed my name to 'Lalitha Jewelery'.
There was going to go to the store from our house in Chennai.
I do not have a separate cabin in my store with 21 stores.
I will sit in the store along with the rest of the employees.
This is the reason why our company's ads are not made by star heroes.
Many people think that I want to do my own things.
It also came up with the TVs with my grip on the cost of extortion.
There is no big word for simplicity ...
But in life I have some dreams.
The first one to buy a car! I spent only a few years after the purchase of Lalita Jewelery.
I prayed to that day and brought it home at night.
After sleeping, two hours came.
'Do you really like the car ... so great? No, it's not all! '
Got up and went to the parking lot and took the car door out ... but after horne was not ... I did not feel satisfied.
That day I realized that we could not keep away from our dreams and fills our lives with much enthusiasm.
Sub Topic Name: Not in doubt ... with love!
Not a child at school but still I can not remember English letters.
Failing to apply in the airport when traveling abroad ... I'll be writing the word 'Indian'.
Lalita Jewelery is now the empire of 10,000 crore rupees! Yet I can not calculate the currency bundles correctly.
Whenever the countdown comes too low.
However, the profitability can be strictly binding.
I can say that this business is going on a certain hour.
The big blessing that God gave me is the 'mind calculation'.
A big boon is my employees.
90% of those working in Nellore once worked with me and still work with us.
I can not read or check if any of them are doing what I'm writing.
The confidence of my employees was that they could do miraculous things if they could not help their neighbors with love rather than doubt.
Sub Topic Name: Too Long ...
We will open a showroom where we can open a showroom where we will create jobs for the professionals in the area.
That is how our company has thousands of employees.
All those who work in our stores will be free for the afternoon free of charge.
And with her ultimate gold jewel, she made me a big kid in the raft of Rajasthan raft.
Thousands of children can read for free there! I have made up of lunar stones without lime for a hundred years.
Sub Topic Name: Why
'Gundubas', 'Gundanan' ... Many people do not know my name, but many of the Telugu TV viewers are reminiscent of you.
There is no calculation of the paragraphs on my ads.
In fact, these are not annoying me ... even though they are enjoying them! The youngest of those who make them
How much do you cheer me up ... Young people will not dream of great success in the future! I am sharing my life with you as my eldest hoping that the dreams will help me to do so.
I want to tell the young man that 'I do not come to win'.
Sub Topic Name: I'll be in a coma!
I was married to Hema, shortly before I bought the 'Lalita' company.
They were settled in Chennai.
We have three children.
Bhakti and Bhavya are twins.
The nineteen Heat (who knows only what this means!) Is now nineteen months.
I am going to go abroad for two and a half years with children.
I think about the business there.
My children are bored saying, 'Where are you going to be in a business coma?'