Topic Name: Teach talking to robots!
Dabla Rajagoparreddy alias professor Rajreddy ... is the only Indian to receive the Nobel Tiger Award for Nobel in computer field.
Thousands of students in the Telugu state are the future of the IITs.
Behind the development of robots that puts the world on, he is intellectual.
It was fifteen years ago that he had come to Padmabhushan.
He has a five-decade career career in which he does not get any stunts, awards and achievements.
'Computer is going to change the world soon,' ... all of the friends would talk the same way.
That's why I would create robots and teach them the words, from Stanford University to the first doctorate in computer science, and to serve as the IT consultant for the President of the United States,
It is a great pleasure to find a small village and study the Telugu medium and come here.
The village of Katur is located near Kalahasti in Chittoor district.
Nanna Srinivasulu Reddy read a little.
Amma likes to read books.
Our grandfather was a great landlord.
But most of the land was dissolved by donations and service programs.
I am the fourth of four brothers and three sisters.
Children, family, and other family members come home everyday.
Sub Topic Name: InterContakt Slippers
At first I was writing in letters.
By then the palaça are not burdensome.
Let us gather a little bit of the opposite side of it and write letters with the finger.
Lessonschooling than fifth grade.
I learned from the sixth grade to the classroom.
Intermediate at Madras Loyola College, with the introduction of the first class in ten.
Until then I never borrowed.
If you have a chance to buy it or not,
While walking for Madras for the first time,
Read in the Telugu medium till the 10th class.
That's why the intermolation of the English language was very troublesome.
In addition, there were some lecturers from other countries.
Their pronunciation was difficult to understand.
After a few months in college, I understood that I did not hold any subjects.
Anyway before you want to learn English well.
Trying to read each paragraph in the textbooks and try to understand them.
All the subjects are slow.
Inter is done with good marks.
Civil Engineering was founded at the famous Anna University (then Guindy of the University of Madras) based on the talents and interviews.
Sub Topic Name: Starting with a third
In those days, children were married at a very young age.
After engineering, I immediately decided to join my job as soon as possible to worry about my wedding.
When the Madras Port Trust trusted to find some job, I took the certificates and went there.
Worked as an engineer in the workshop in Port.
So my career started with a salary of Rs.
I applied for two more friends in Australia,
Ready to go to Australia with the seat
Fear that you can not get home enough to study.
That's why we took two thousand borrowing to buy a ticket at our uncle.
He told me not to say anything at home.
I was not able to stop at home as I had already made all the arrangements.
Thus, in the University of New South Wales, Australia completed a Master's Degree in Civil Engineering.
At that time, there was only one commercial computer that had enough room for the whole of the university.
One of our Head of the Department has shown it to me and said, 'You have a lot of talent and you can study on the issues of its construction.'
I had the enthusiasm to solve the mysteries of computer manufacturing and performance.
Soon after graduating, I joined a job in IBM for the purpose of going to the field of computers.
While working on the computer for three years there,
Sub Topic Name: First doctorate is mine
After applying to computers, I applied to Stanford University in the US to intend to do PhD.
There was a thorough study of all aspects of the computer.
In some cases, the smallest part of the computer should work hard to get a full understanding of the structure and function.
That's a test.
I received the honor of receiving the first doctorate in Computer Science from Stanford University.
Then join the job as assistant professor at the same university.
At that time, I got married with the support of the family of Tambalapalli Zamindar.
Become a faculty at the Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
That's where my career turned out to be vital.
At that time, the world needs to have a total of ten computers.
In the field of computer research, 'artificial intelligence' (artificial intelligence) seemed to change the world in the future.
Artificial intelligence is a vital role in robotics (robotics).
That's why the research was done in that section.
They are also useful for robotics, along with computers.
Sub Topic Name: Establishing Robotics Center ...
We are pleased that Robobos will do many things to do in the future.
I am interested in robotics for university ownership, and I decided to set up an institute specifically for it.
Thus, I set up the first robotics institute with the cost of crores and worked as a founding director for twelve years.
It is still the largest robot research center in the world.
At the center of our time, many of the research that laid out the roles of the robot system and the use of human resources from space to exploration, from human activities to space exploration.
Our team of scientists is the first to develop a number of topics, such as teaching robots, language learning, removing words and responding to the instructions given by words.
In recognition of my research in artificial intelligence, I was awarded with the prestigious Alan Turing Award in Asia.
Robotic Institute worked as a Dean for ten years at the School of Computer Science at the University after graduating.
He founded the American Association for Artificial Intelligence and worked as president.
Sub Topic Name: Robbos for the common man
While Bill Clinton was the President of the United States, he worked as co-chairman of the IT Advisory Board.
The French government believes that technology is the only true development when it is used to the poor and the common people.
A special center has been developed to develop the technology that is common to the common man.
There have been researchers under the auspices of many experienced scientists.
I worked as chief scientist for that project.
Gradually our project was successful.
In the early 80s, we found the schools in African countries to make computers at low cost.
He laid the foundation for robots to be used in many areas of medicine, prevention of road accidents, drugs and identity disasters.
In recognition of my services, the then President of France Mittrand himself came to America and granted me the highest civilian award of 'Legion of Honor'.
Sub Topic Name: Established IIT
In the United States, one day Chandrababu Naidu asked to form the Triple IT in the state and asked the Governing Body to be the President.
Then I sensed that some projects I was working on could not be allocated time.
He resumed the next day and convinced him to be chairman of the AIIT.
We have set up the first Triple Pat in Hyderabad with the intention to train students in IT.
Subsequently, rural students also have computer education.
I traveled to many countries.
I worked with great scientists.
I designed a variety of languages ​​for robots.
I've shared many key innovations.
The foundation for such a great journey was born to me.
It is easy to understand the subjects in the above material, since basic reading is in the mother tongue.
Having spent a moment in a momentous job is not our attention.
For the past three years my Mrs. took over that responsibility.
We have rebuilt our school-building school.
Toilets are built.
I am currently working for the 'Universal Digital Library' project.
Its goal is to digitize and manipulate hundreds of celebrity books and newspapers around the world.
I like the poem, 'Poetry the ground,' written by me.
In a great way to work for a single purpose, on the flowers or on the pumpkin, the dinner is the same.
Without the success of that inspiration, I tried to endure the experiences in the field of robotics to gain any particular identity in the field.
I do not like being a single moment empty.
That is why there is no place for retirement in my life.
As long as possible, until the last moment, my experiences continue to serve the world in some form.
Sub Topic Name: Fifty
The Bharatiya Media has been referring to me for the Alan Turing Award.
The government honored with the Padma Bhushan award.
I have seen the film over fifty years.
Trying to see a good movie but never found time.
Seven Universities like SV, JNT, Massachusetts, New South Wales, IIT Allahabad and IIT Kharagpur have been awarded with honorary doctorates.
With the help of technology, the EMSI is trying to cope with problems in Indian villages, while some governments like HRMI are the members of the governing body.